Yes! Yes, ladies and gentlemen.
That is right. Cristiano Ronaldo has returned.
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen.
This is Coffee with Kaizen number 13 if I'm not mistaken.
The day is Monday, August 30th, 2021.
And if you are watching this on YouTube, you might have noticed I'm in a new location.
Much more green, serene and peaceful location. You know what I'm saying?
I just had to switch it up a bit.
Hopefully, the sound of these birds and insects and things like that won't ruin the recording.
I don't know what you can hear, but with this lovely piece of equipment in front of me,
I can kind of control what you hear and don't hear.
Like, they're building houses right here across the street.
And I mean, I can literally...
They're right in front of me and there's like drills going, like, zzzz.
I don't know if y'all can hear that. It seems like you can't and I hope you can't.
But if you can, my apologies.
But anyway, man, we're going to get into the subject at hand
Because it has been confirmed that Cristiano Ronaldo, the phenomenon,
The superstar, the legend, the Portuguese footballing genius,
It has been confirmed that Cristiano Ronaldo will return to the glorious Manchester United.
The official statement from the communications department at Manchester United says,
"Manchester United is delighted to confirm that the club has reached agreement with
Juventus for the transfer of Cristiano Ronaldo.
Subject to agreement of personal terms, visa, and medical".
Cristiano, a five-time Ballon d'Or winner,
Has so far won over 30 trophies during his career,
Including five UEFA Champions League titles,
Four FIFA Club World Cups, seven League titles in England, Spain,
And Italy, and the European Championship for his native Portugal.
In his first spell for Manchester United, he scored 118 goals in 292 games.
Everyone at the club looks forward to welcoming Cristiano back to Manchester.
I don't know if y'all can hear that. It's a fire truck passing by.
What the hell is on fire at 9:30 in the morning?
Anyway, I got to be honest, man.
It was truly a surprise to know or to learn that Cristiano Ronaldo is returning to Manchester United because,
You know, a lot of people knew that his contract was going to be ending in the next,
What, ten months or something like that. And people were making speculations.
Oh, he's going to PSG. He's going to Manchester City, you know.
Where is he going to go? He's not happy at Juventus. He wants to leave.
And at the end of it all, he signed with Manchester United.
Now I know that a lot of us, including myself, are thinking, man,
There's only a few teams on the planet that could actually pay his salary
And pay for the transfer fee and find a place for him to actually do what he does on the pitch.
You know what I mean? Manchester United, PSG, Manchester City, I guess Bayern Munich.
I'm talking about teams that have the actual funds, the money to buy this player and pay him,
I think like £400,000 every week. You know what I'm saying?
There's only a handful of teams on the planet that could actually do that.
And we were kind of thinking, or at least I was, how nice would it be, man,
To see Messi and Ronaldo both retire at the same club and play...
I mean, like their last days, their last games playing together on the same team.
You know what I'm saying? With Neymar as well, and all the other stars of PSG,
That would have been very, very, very interesting.
Now, I don't know what you think. But...
And this is no disrespect to French football or the French players
Or anything like that, the French league.
I'm just saying it doesn't seem as competitive as the Premier League or the Spanish League,
Even the German League or Italian League. I don't know.
It's just, I don't get the impression that we would get the best of Ronaldo and Messi in France.
I mean, we always get the best of them no matter where they are.
But I'm saying with higher competition,
Talking about these two players when there's higher competition I just think that
There's a higher level of output and a higher display or a greater display of talent. You know?
They like that challenge. They want to compete with the best of the best.
And I think, at least for Ronaldo, it was a good choice to come back to England.
I wasn't expecting him to come back so soon.
I always imagined that he'd be, you know,
It would be a possibility for him to come back to United and, you know, most likely retire here.
I think he'd play until he was 50 if you let him.
But I imagine that this would be his resting place. I imagine this will be the last team.
It's only right that he either retires here or maybe at Sporting. It's only right.
And a lot of people were talking, you know, saying, oh, he's going to go to Manchester City.
He wants to go to City. And although they could definitely pay for him and use him,
You know, I think it would be like sacrilegious for Cristiano Ronaldo to go to Manchester City.
Like, I know that, or I don't know, but I imagine that in his mind he's just a professional,
He loves the team that he plays for and that's it.
But if he gets transferred then now he loves the current team he plays for and the other team is like,
Yeah, I have love in my heart, whatever, but it's the past.
So I could actually see him going to Manchester City simply because he's a professional.
And he's like, you know, yeah, I played for United, that's really where I made my name.
But at the same time, that was years and years and years ago. It's a thing of the past.
So, you know, they're paying me now. I want to play here now. So it is what it is.
I could genuinely imagine him thinking that way and saying that.
But at the same time, that's not the only thing that matters, right?
Because, you know, the fans, supporters and everything,
They're going to have their opinion and their reaction and things like that.
I'm not saying Cristiano cares about that.
I'm just saying I think it would've been a really, really,
Really rough time at Manchester City for Cristiano Ronaldo.
At least whenever they played United. You know what I'm saying?
But I just think there would be so much hatred, so much hatred,
And confusion if you would have chosen to play for Manchester City. You know?
It would have been nice. There's a lot of great players there.
But I just, I couldn't see it.
So I'm happy he's back, even though it's a surprise. Very happy he's back.
The real question, though, is where exactly is he going to play?
You know, I was listening to interviews last night, you know,
Kind of to prepare my thoughts and things like that for this podcast.
And I was listening to Ole Gunnar Solskjaer.
If you don't know who that is, he's the head coach of Manchester United.
And he was saying that he wants Cristiano to play as a striker.
He wants him to play number nine, which I can understand.
Because you definitely want him in the box scoring goals.
You definitely want him involved in the attack.
But I'm just really curious to see how that's going to work
Because if you look at the squad, our current squad.
You know, it's kind of hard to see how we're going to get all these players...
Not only getting the playing time that they want, everybody getting a chance to play,
But finding the best combination of players because we have so many attackers,
I'm going to go from the back to the front. And you'll see what I mean in a second.
So on goalkeeper you have Da Gea, Tom Heaton. Right?
Those are two main goalkeepers in this case.
Defenders, Victor Lindelof Eric Bailly, I'm not sure if that's how you pronounce his name.
Phil Jones is amazingly still a Manchester United player.
Harry Maguire. Raphael Varane, another great signing in my opinion.
Diogo Dalot, Luke Shaw, Alex Telles, Aaron Wan-Bisska, Brandon Williams,
Amongst others midfielders.
Paul Pogba, Juan Mata, Jesse Lingard, Andreas Pereira, Fred.
Bruno Fernandes, another amazing signing.
Dan James. Nemanja Matic still at the club.
Donny Van de Beek, Scott Mctominay. We got some great midfielders.
Now forwards, this is the point I wanted to get to or the section of the field I wanted to get to.
Edinson Cavani, who we're going to talk about in just a second.
Anthony Martial, Marcus Rashford, Mason Greenwood.
Jadon Sancho, another good signing in my opinion. Anthony Elanga.
You know, all these attacking-minded players, all these forwards,
Where are all these players going to fit on the field?
Plus, Cristiano Ronaldo. You know what I'm saying?
How is that going to work exactly?
Now, obviously, it's not a bad thing to have a deep squad.
We learned that from Manchester City.
It's never a bad thing because with all the competitions that we're going to be competing in,
You know, you are going to have to rotate the players from time to time.
They need rest even though they might want to play every game.
You know, in most cases that's not the best idea.
And you want to use the talent that's available to you.
Make.. You want to mess with the team from time to time, see what works and see what doesn't.
But that's the point. We have two issues.
How are we going to rotate all these players effectively?
And number two, time is not necessarily on our side.
Now, obviously, this is a long-term project, the way I understand it.
But in the short term, you know,
It's going to take a while for all these players to get used to each other,
To create some type of chemistry, to understand the way each of them play and things like that.
You know what I mean? It's going to take time
Because we got three or four new signings and even before they had come,
We still hadn't really figured out how we were going to play.
I mean, for the last five, six, seven years,
We've kind of just been going up and down and left and right and up and down.
You know, we have some great games and great weeks and great months and
Then it's just fucking tragedy. So inconsistent.
So I think now we've made some good signings.
Things are looking optimistic at the club.
But the real question is, you know, how are we going to manage and rotate these players?
And then it's really just a question of time on how long it's going to take
For us to get a real understanding of each other.
The philosophy at the club, you know, a playing style and all that type of stuff.
It's going to take time. I'm optimistic, but not unrealistic.
And you know, there are also some people that are of the opinion that
This purchase of Cristiano Ronaldo really wasn't a good idea.
Because when you think about the millions and millions of pounds
That they paid for the transfer fee and now the hundreds of thousands of pounds
They're going to pay every week in this player's salary.
They could have used that money for something better.
They could have bought more midfielders or defenders or, you know,
Two or three attackers or whatever it is.
Some people have that opinion, and I don't necessarily disagree with it. You know?
Because you could argue that Renaldo is at the end of his career.
So it makes much more sense. If we're building for the future,
It would make more sense to buy players that we can work with and grow with
And basically invest in knowing that they're going to be with the club for five,
Six, seven, ten years, whatever it may be.
You know, even that idea might be unrealistic in today's world because
They're moving players around like, you know, like it's nothing.
But I'm saying you could argue that it wasn't the best investment of money.
You could also argue that it was really more of a financial move
And not a football move if you think about the owners of the club.
I mean, they got deep pockets, we all know that.
But they might have been just thinking we're going to sell more t-shirts now that Ronaldo is back.
We're going to sell more tickets. It's good for the brand.
You know, everybody is going to have eyes on Manchester United now.
They might have been thinking from the financial perspective,
The financial benefits of signing a superstar like that.
We don't know. But the point is, you could argue it wasn't the best decision.
But you could kind of say the same thing about Messi moving to PSG.
Like, let's not forget that before this move happened, we could all kind of agree,
Or most of us could kind of agree Cristiano Ronaldo was still one of the best players on the planet.
Profesional, anyway. One of the best players on the planet.
So you could argue, yeah, he's what, 36, 37.
He's at the end of his career, maybe wasn't the best move,
But I still think he's going to score a lot of goals, create a lot more goals
And be a great addition to the team.
I think he'll be a great addition to any team anywhere. So I'm definitely excited about that.
But what's interesting to know, I was reading this article last night,
It says that Manchester United's signing of Cristiano Ronaldo has put them
To the top of the Premier League spending table this season,
Just edging out Arsenal who are second.
So while the Gunners have made five major signings this summer,
Man United have made just three but have opted for a quality over quantity approach in their deals.
Of course, the other big spenders are also members of the Big Six with Chelsea
And Manchester City key players in the transfer window.
Now the question is, which Premier League team has spent the most?
Until Ronaldo's return to Manchester United, Arsenal were top of the spending table.
Man United have signed big-money deals for Raphael Varane and Jadon Sancho.
And though their move for Ronaldo is relatively modest,
With the total value of the deal not coming in at more than £28 million,
For a player with such a track record, it remains an impressive addition.
Arsenal, meanwhile, have come under scrutiny for their deals in the window,
Notably splashing £50 million on Ben White and around £30 million on Martin Odegaard.
It is a volume of business that the manager, Mikel Arteta has admitted must yield results.
Now I want to go back and make a correction
Because the transfer value or fee is not £28 million, it's €28 million for Ronaldo.
I just noticed that. So I'm looking at this table here and it is an estimated number.
These are all estimated numbers. Manchester United in this transfer window has spent £133 million.
Arsenal £130 million. Manchester City £115 million.
Chelsea £103.5 million. Aston Villa spent 95 million and the list goes on and on.
I'm not going to read all of them,
But a lot of money has been transferred this season.
A lot of players have been transferred this season as always.
But I think that things are looking very, very, very exciting,
Not just for Manchester United, but the Premier League in general, football in general.
And I think we all have our eyes on Champions League this year.
I think it's going to be real interesting.
But please let me know what your thoughts are on this move from Juventus to Manchester United.
Do you think it was a good move? Do you think it was a waste of money?
Do you think he's going to be a good addition to the team?
What do you think Manchester United is going to do this year in the Premier League
And in the Champions League?
Let me know in the comments below if you're watching us on YouTube
Or feel free to shoot me a message on social at @englishwithkaizen.
Instagram is probably the best place to send me a message, but just be patient, you know,
Because I get tons of messages, I try to respond to them all.
But let me know, man, what do you think?
You know how much I love football if you've been listening to the podcast for a while now.
You know how much I love Manchester United and now you know I'm a huge Cristiano Ronaldo fan.
Not just because he played for United,
Not just because he's known as one of the best on the planet.
But I truly think he's a great professional, not just a footballer.
I think if you look into the mind and the character and the habits, you know,
The behavior of somebody like Cristiano Ronaldo, you see it's...
In my opinion, it's deeper than football.
It's not that he's just a footballer. You know what I'm saying?
It's the mentality of the footballer that's interesting to me.
And when it comes to character, when it comes to professionalism, you know,
I think it's difficult to find a lot of players at that level. You know what I'm saying?
But anyway, I'm not going to take any more of your time, man.
I just wanted to share the news, even though I'm sure you've heard.
It kind of broke the Internet when the news was released.
And there's very few people on the planet that can do that,
That can simply go from one team to another, announce it and literally like, break the internet.
People were going crazy about it. You know what I'm saying?
So I just wanted to talk about it real quick and more importantly, or more interestingly,
Get your opinions on this move and know what you think the future holds for Cristiano Ronaldo,
Manchester United, the Premier League, and football in general.
But that's Coffee with Kaizen number 13 in the books.
And I will talk to you later. Peace!